Add python 10.15.0 release notes (#21327)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/python-release-notes/python-agent-101500.mdx

version: 10.15.0
downloadLink: 'https://pypi.python.org/pypi/newrelic'
features: ['Adds support for oracledb']
bugs: ['Fixes MessageTransaction object has no attribute destination_name bug', 'Fixes an authentication issue when recording AWS metadata']
---

## Notes

This release of the Python agent adds support for [oracledb](https://pypi.org/project/oracledb/), fixes 'MessageTransaction' object has no attribute 'destination_name' bug, and fixes an authentication issue when recording AWS metadata.

Install the agent using `easy_install/pip/distribute` via the [Python Package Index](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/newrelic) or download it directly from the [New Relic download site](https://download.newrelic.com/python_agent/release).

## New features

* Adds support for oracledb

  * Add instrumentation for [oracledb](https://pypi.org/project/oracledb/).

## Bug fixes

* Fix 'MessageTransaction' object has no attribute 'destination_name' bug 

  * Fix a bug in messagebroker instrumentations where the serialize methods were looking for the `destination_name` attribute on the `MessageTransaction` and it did not exist.

* Fix an authentication issue when recording AWS metadata

>   * When the agent is left continuously running on Kubernetes and AWS EC2 (but not EKS), the authentication token cannot be retreived for AWS metadata on agent restart. Now, the authentication token is cached so AWS metadata can be queried on agent restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Due to permissions settings in K8s pods running on AWS EC2 instances, the utilization metadata is able to be retrieved the first time. However, if the application is left running continuously, the agent will reconnect and the utilization metadata fails to load. In cases like these, the utilization metadata is cached per agent instance and is able to be retrieved.
```
